# Full Example for v1.1
The fully generated and working datapack. This pack has only had the commands `python generator.py -c ..` then `python generator.py ..` in the `generator` directory.

## Files Generated by each Setting
**Config:**
  - `config/config` - main function of the config, calls all others
  - `config` - shortcut to `config/config`
  - `init_config` - creates scoreboards and gives values to settings. Values can be omitted if no default value is given.
  - `load_config` - calls `init_config` on the first load only, before the datapack flag has been set (`generated enabled` in this example).
  - `uninstall_config` - called on uninstallation. Deletes scoreboards and resets scores for settings not in the exclusion lists.
  
**Foldable**: 
  - `enable/<foldable>` and `disable/<foldable>` functions for action on switch. 
  - `<foldable>` displays the sub-options, only called when open.

**Pages**
- **Book:** `<directory>/<main>` - main function to call to display book's page
- **Page:**
  - `<directory>/<page name>` - function to display page's contents and nav bar
  - Any further functions created by the page's contents. Will be placed inside `<directory>`.
- **MenuPage:**
  - `<directory>/<menu>` - function to display main menu
  - `<directory>/setpage_<page name>` for all pages, is the function to call when switching to that page.

**Interactable**
- **Toggle:** `enable/<toggle>` and `disable/<toggle>` functions for action on switch. 
- **Adjustable:** `inc/<toggle>` and `dec/<toggle>` functions for action on change. 
- **AdjustToggle:** 
  - `enable/<toggle>` and `disable/<toggle>` functions for action on switch. 
  - `inc/<toggle>` and `dec/<toggle>` functions for action on change. 
- **Selection:** Coming soon

**Text**
- **Title:** None
- **SubTitle:** None
- **Text:** None
- **Uninstall:** `uninstall_verif` - asks the user to confirm uninstallation.


## Files Generated in Example
- Base template as described in Template readme.
- Base config and uninstall files as described above.
- root `enable`, `disable`, `inc` and `dec` all happen to be empty in this case, as no settings outside of pages

**Pages**
- `config/pages/main` - displays correct page
- `page_1`, `page_2`, `page_3`, `page_menu` - functions to display each page and menu
- `setpage_1`, `setpage_2`, `setpage_3`, `setpage_menu` - changes page value to the relevant page. Page 0 is menu.
  - This do not have to be labelled numericall or in order, but are in this case. They do have to be distinct however, as will all settings and functions.
- `fold_config` - displays the folding section on page 1
- `pages/enable` and `pages/disable` functions for each toggle and `pages/inc` and `pages/dec` for each adjustable.